Support updates in devices guidance (2/3) (#398)
DFE-Digital/get-help-with-tech: app/views/devices_guidance/support_and_maintenance.md

Local authorities (LAs), academy trusts and schools will [own these devices](/devices/distributing-devices) and will need to support their users.

> The Department for Education's delivery partner, Computacenter, provides a [Support Portal](https://computacenterprod.service-now.com/dfe). If you're an authorised user, you can use it to access local admin and BIOS passwords if you want to reset Microsoft Windows devices to add your own settings.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Department for Education’s delivery partner, Computacenter, provides a [Support Portal](https://computacenterprod.service-now.com/dfe). If you’re an authorised user, you can use it to access local admin and BIOS passwords if you want to reset Microsoft Windows devices to add your own settings.
```
